Add pointer in case the service cannot be resolved (#4102)
knative/docs: docs/getting-started/first-service.md

Hello World!
```

??? question "Are you seeing `curl: (6) Could not resolve host: hello.default.127.0.0.1.nip.io`?"

>     In some cases `*.nip.io` addresses are not able to be resolved. This can be fixed by having external nameservers resolve the addresses instead of the local nameserver.

Reviewer: fwiw I'm a little confused by this. In what case should a local name server not work with nip.io? Is there a link to a GitHub issue or anything with more details about this?

Reviewer: aha, saw the reference to https://github.com/deis/workflow/issues/833 in the previous version of this PR, so the problem is some nameservers block lookups that resolve to local (127.*) addresses? I think "local name server" vs external (and the "not able to be resolved" - they're configured not to resolve) might be what confused me here, since iiuc that's not the important factor.

Maybe we could clarify this a bit:

```suggestion
    In some cases your dns server may be set up not to resolve `*.nip.io` addresses. If you encounter this problem, it can be fixed by using a different nameserver to resolve these addresses. For example:
```

Author: @julz, nice - that sounds better, thanks.

Reviewer: oops just realised the "For example" at the end doesn't fit with the next paragraph, sorry 🤦

Author: Removed :smile:

>     In some cases your dns server may be set up not to resolve `*.nip.io` addresses. If you encounter this problem, it can be fixed by using a different nameserver to resolve these addresses.
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    In some cases your DNS server may be set up not to resolve `*.nip.io` addresses. If you encounter this problem, it can be fixed by using a different nameserver to resolve these addresses.

```

Reviewer 2: minor nit

Hello World!
```

??? question "Are you seeing `curl: (6) Could not resolve host: hello.default.127.0.0.1.nip.io`?"

>     In some cases `*.nip.io` addresses are not able to be resolved. This can be solved by adding a snippet to the `/etc/systemd/resolved.conf`. See the comments [here](https://github.com/IBM-Blockchain/blockchain-vscode-extension/issues/2878#issuecomment-890147917) and [here](https://github.com/IBM-Blockchain/blockchain-vscode-extension/issues/2878#issuecomment-890246282) for more details.

Reviewer 3: could we directly paste the solution here instead of referring from the comment? I feel this might be more maintainable.

Author: Yes, makes sense. Done.
